Welcome to Dr. Sign - Leading Signage Repairs, Maintenance and Up-Gradations brand in Noida
UAMS a manufacturing unit of Signages, branding and visual management products and services caters to industry in service, retail and manufacturing sector. Dedicated DrSign team benefitting businesses and creating an awesome environment around. About 60 plus people are in direct / indirect support working to benefit businesses for DrSign. Drsign have fully equipped machineries in house and serving its clients in the quickest turn around time. It’s smooth operational glow is a “Smile” we perceive attracting spectators (customers, employees, vendors etc) / who ever it comes in contact with. Along with functional benefit smart LED signage creates an edge over its competitors giving a psychological advantage to serve to their customers. DrSign is a repair maintenance and upgradation of LED signage brand and is passionate to take care businesses through prompt services. UAMS Designs Pvt Ltd a manufacturing unit of signage, branding and visual management product and service company, serving to industry in retail, manufacturing and service sector for about 20 plus years. UAMS is located at sector 8, Noida and has positioned itself with innovative product and services with its dedicated team. Drsign takes care of LED Signage is a lead force benefitting businesses and creating an awesome environment around. Drsign understand the need of repair, maintenance and up-gradation of LED signage and it’s operational benefits for the retail, service and manufacturing sector and its impact on brand image.
